added notes for 08-23 (#148)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: community/2023-08-23-community-meeting.md

  - specify links values and spreadscaler conditions with custom traits on components.
  - The Demo:
    - valid demo: kvcounter app should access redis and use http server.
    - invalid dupe actor: duplicate actor with same image ref. Prefer not to run multiple components, use spread to control distribution.
    - invalid link manifest: two versions of the same link results in a validation error because they provide conflicting values.
    - invalid dupe provider: two components with the same provider component names, prefer spread scaler.
    - invalid duplicate link name: two providers with the same contract and link name, links can be used to configure providers.
- **Discussion - Roadmap**
  - Deamonscaler: adds ability to scale a component (actor/provider) to run X copies on every host that matches the label spec.
  - WASI Preview 2 components is in progress.
  - witify - changing interfaces to use wit IDL - only a few issues to complete.
  - OTP/Rust Host feature parity - more closed than open, lots and lots of progress (s/o to Roman and Connor and Victor).
  - New contributors can help out with good-first-issue label on wash, wasmCloud, wadm repos.

> - **Questions**
>   - What big areas are left in OTP > Rust parity? CJ.
>   - impl get operations for link defs and claims.
>   - validate actor and provider claims upon start.
>   - impl policy checking and management.
>   - chunking for large payloads.
>   - Where to asking dumb Qs? Dave Tessman.
>   - [https://slack.wasmcloud.com](https://slack.wasmcloud.com)
>   - #wasmcloud in CNCF slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Questions**
  - What big areas are left in OTP > Rust parity? CJ.
    - [implement get operations for link defs and claims](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/issues/480).
    - [validate actor and provider claims upon start](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/issues/554).
    - [implement policy checking and management](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/issues/480).
    - [chunking for large payloads](https://github.com/wasmCloud/wasmCloud/issues/482).
  - Where to ask questions? Dave Tessman.
    - [https://slack.wasmcloud.com](https://slack.wasmcloud.com)
    - #wasmcloud in [CNCF slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/cloud-native/cncf).
```

> - **WASMCON**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**WASMCON**](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/wasmcon/)
```
